**  io.dropwizard.metrics metrics-core; version 4.1.36 -- https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.dropwizard.metrics/metrics-core/4.1.36
 
                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright 2010-2013 Coda Hale and Yammer, Inc., 2014-2020 Dropwizard Team

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

* For  io.dropwizard.metrics metrics-core see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Coda Hale, Yammer.com, 2014-2021 Dropwizard Team

    Published under Apache Software License 2.0, see LICENSE

------

** Netty4; version 4.1.x -- https://netty.io/
** AWSSDK.AWS Core; version 2.19 -- https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-java-v2
 
Apache License
Version 2.0, January 2004
http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including
but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration
files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included
in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that
is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by
name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version
of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works
thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work
by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit
on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition,
"submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and
issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for
the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication
that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright
owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf
of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently
incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-
exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce,
prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and
distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-
charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise
transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims
licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work
to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation
against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date
such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in
Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

     (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a
copy of this License; and

     (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating
that You changed the files; and

     (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the
Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part
of the Derivative Works; and

     (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution,
then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of
the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the
Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along
with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of
the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the
License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that
You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work,
provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as
modifying the License.

     You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may
provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative
Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work
otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the
Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any
additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have
executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties
or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations
and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such
obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole
responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to
indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred
by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any
such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate
notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own
identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!)  The text should be
enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also
recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on
the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within
third-party archives.

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

* For Netty4 see also this required NOTICE:
                                The Netty Project
                                =================

    Please visit the Netty web site for more information:

      * https://netty.io/

    Copyright 2014 The Netty Project

    The Netty Project licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
    version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:

      https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
    WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
    License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

    Also, please refer to each LICENSE.<component>.txt file, which is located in
    the 'license' directory of the distribution file, for the license terms of
the
    components that this product depends on.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    This product contains the extensions to Java Collections Framework which has
    been derived from the works by JSR-166 EG, Doug Lea, and Jason T. Greene:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.jsr166y.txt (Public Domain)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * http://gee.cs.oswego.edu/cgi-bin/viewcvs.cgi/jsr166/
        * http://viewvc.jboss.org/cgi-
bin/viewvc.cgi/jbosscache/experimental/jsr166/

    This product contains a modified version of Robert Harder's Public Domain
    Base64 Encoder and Decoder, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.base64.txt (Public Domain)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * http://iharder.sourceforge.net/current/java/base64/

    This product contains a modified portion of 'Webbit', an event based
    WebSocket and HTTP server, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.webbit.txt (BSD License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/joewalnes/webbit

    This product contains a modified portion of 'SLF4J', a simple logging
    facade for Java, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.slf4j.txt (MIT License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://www.slf4j.org/

    This product contains a modified portion of 'Apache Harmony', an open source
    Java SE, which can be obtained at:

      * NOTICE:
        * license/NOTICE.harmony.txt
      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.harmony.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://archive.apache.org/dist/harmony/

    This product contains a modified portion of 'jbzip2', a Java bzip2
compression
    and decompression library written by Matthew J. Francis. It can be obtained
at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.jbzip2.txt (MIT License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://code.google.com/p/jbzip2/

    This product contains a modified portion of 'libdivsufsort', a C API library
to construct
    the suffix array and the Burrows-Wheeler transformed string for any input
string of
    a constant-size alphabet written by Yuta Mori. It can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.libdivsufsort.txt (MIT License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/y-256/libdivsufsort

    This product contains a modified portion of Nitsan Wakart's 'JCTools', Java
Concurrency Tools for the JVM,
     which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.jctools.txt (ASL2 License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/JCTools/JCTools

    This product optionally depends on 'JZlib', a re-implementation of zlib in
    pure Java, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.jzlib.txt (BSD style License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * http://www.jcraft.com/jzlib/

    This product optionally depends on 'Compress-LZF', a Java library for
encoding and
    decoding data in LZF format, written by Tatu Saloranta. It can be obtained
at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.compress-lzf.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/ning/compress

    This product optionally depends on 'lz4', a LZ4 Java compression
    and decompression library written by Adrien Grand. It can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.lz4.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/jpountz/lz4-java

    This product optionally depends on 'lzma-java', a LZMA Java compression
    and decompression library, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.lzma-java.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/jponge/lzma-java

    This product optionally depends on 'zstd-jni', a zstd-jni Java compression
    and decompression library, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.zstd-jni.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/luben/zstd-jni

    This product contains a modified portion of 'jfastlz', a Java port of FastLZ
compression
    and decompression library written by William Kinney. It can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.jfastlz.txt (MIT License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://code.google.com/p/jfastlz/

    This product contains a modified portion of and optionally depends on
'Protocol Buffers', Google's data
    interchange format, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.protobuf.txt (New BSD License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/google/protobuf

    This product optionally depends on 'Bouncy Castle Crypto APIs' to generate
    a temporary self-signed X.509 certificate when the JVM does not provide the
    equivalent functionality.  It can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.bouncycastle.txt (MIT License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://www.bouncycastle.org/

    This product optionally depends on 'Snappy', a compression library produced
    by Google Inc, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.snappy.txt (New BSD License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/google/snappy

    This product optionally depends on 'JBoss Marshalling', an alternative Java
    serialization API, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.jboss-marshalling.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/jboss-remoting/jboss-marshalling

    This product optionally depends on 'Caliper', Google's micro-
    benchmarking framework, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.caliper.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/google/caliper

    This product optionally depends on 'Apache Commons Logging', a logging
    framework, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.commons-logging.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://commons.apache.org/logging/

    This product optionally depends on 'Apache Log4J', a logging framework,
which
    can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.log4j.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://logging.apache.org/log4j/

    This product optionally depends on 'Aalto XML', an ultra-high performance
    non-blocking XML processor, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.aalto-xml.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://wiki.fasterxml.com/AaltoHome

    This product contains a modified version of 'HPACK', a Java implementation
of
    the HTTP/2 HPACK algorithm written by Twitter. It can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.hpack.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/twitter/hpack

    This product contains a modified version of 'HPACK', a Java implementation
of
    the HTTP/2 HPACK algorithm written by Cory Benfield. It can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.hyper-hpack.txt (MIT License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/python-hyper/hpack/

    This product contains a modified version of 'HPACK', a Java implementation
of
    the HTTP/2 HPACK algorithm written by Tatsuhiro Tsujikawa. It can be
obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.nghttp2-hpack.txt (MIT License)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/nghttp2/nghttp2/

    This product contains a modified portion of 'Apache Commons Lang', a Java
library
    provides utilities for the java.lang API, which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.commons-lang.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-lang/


    This product contains the Maven wrapper scripts from 'Maven Wrapper', that
provides an easy way to ensure a user has everything necessary to run the Maven
build.

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.mvn-wrapper.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/takari/maven-wrapper

    This product contains the dnsinfo.h header file, that provides a way to
retrieve the system DNS configuration on MacOS.
    This private header is also used by Apple's open source
     mDNSResponder (https://opensource.apple.com/tarballs/mDNSResponder/).

     * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.dnsinfo.txt (Apple Public Source License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        *
https://www.opensource.apple.com/source/configd/configd-453.19/dnsinfo/dnsinfo.h

    This product optionally depends on 'Brotli4j', Brotli compression and
    decompression for Java., which can be obtained at:

      * LICENSE:
        * license/LICENSE.brotli4j.txt (Apache License 2.0)
      * HOMEPAGE:
        * https://github.com/hyperxpro/Brotli4j

* For AWSSDK.AWS Core see also this required NOTICE:
    AWS SDK for Java 2.0
    Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

    This product includes software developed by
    Amazon Technologies, Inc (http://www.amazon.com/).

    **********************
    THIRD PARTY COMPONENTS
    **********************
    This software includes third party software subject to the following
copyrights:
    - XML parsing and utility functions from JetS3t - Copyright 2006-2009 James
Murty.
    - PKCS#1 PEM encoded private key parsing and utility functions from
oauth.googlecode.com - Copyright 1998-2010 AOL Inc.
    - Apache Commons Lang - https://github.com/apache/commons-lang
    - Netty Reactive Streams - https://github.com/playframework/netty-reactive-
streams

    The licenses for these third party components are included in LICENSE.txt

------

** Apache Spark; version 3.2.1 -- https://spark.apache.org/
 
                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
This product bundles various third-party components under other open source
licenses.
This section summarizes those components and their licenses. See licenses/
for text of these licenses.


Apache Software Foundation License 2.0
--------------------------------------

common/network-
common/src/main/java/org/apache/spark/network/util/LimitedInputStream.java
core/src/main/java/org/apache/spark/util/collection/TimSort.java
core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/bootstrap*
core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/jsonFormatter*
core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/vis*
docs/js/vendor/bootstrap.js
external/spark-ganglia-
lgpl/src/main/java/com/codahale/metrics/ganglia/GangliaReporter.java


Python Software Foundation License
----------------------------------

python/docs/source/_static/copybutton.js

BSD 3-Clause
------------

python/lib/py4j-*-src.zip
python/pyspark/cloudpickle/*.py
python/pyspark/join.py
core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/d3.min.js

The CSS style for the navigation sidebar of the documentation was originally
submitted by Óscar Nájera for the scikit-learn project. The scikit-learn project
is distributed under the 3-Clause BSD license.


MIT License
-----------

core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/dagre-d3.min.js
core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/*dataTables*
core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/graphlib-dot.min.js
core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/jquery*
core/src/main/resources/org/apache/spark/ui/static/sorttable.js
docs/js/vendor/anchor.min.js
docs/js/vendor/jquery*
docs/js/vendor/modernizer*


Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication
-----------------------------------------------------------
(see LICENSE-CC0.txt)

data/mllib/images/kittens/29.5.a_b_EGDP022204.jpg
data/mllib/images/kittens/54893.jpg
data/mllib/images/kittens/DP153539.jpg
data/mllib/images/kittens/DP802813.jpg
data/mllib/images/multi-channel/chr30.4.184.jpg

* For Apache Spark see also this required NOTICE:
    Apache Spark
    Copyright 2014 and onwards The Apache Software Foundation.

    This product includes software developed at
    The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).


    Export Control Notice
    ---------------------

    This distribution includes cryptographic software. The country in which you
currently reside may have
    restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export to another
country, of encryption software.
    BEFORE using any encryption software, please check your country's laws,
regulations and policies concerning
    the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see
if this is permitted. See
    <http://www.wassenaar.org/> for more information.

    The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security
(BIS), has classified this
    software as Export Commodity Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes
information security software
    using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric algorithms. The
form and manner of this Apache
    Software Foundation distribution makes it eligible for export under the
License Exception ENC Technology
    Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS Export Administration
Regulations, Section 740.13) for
    both object code and source code.

    The following provides more details on the included cryptographic software:

    This software uses Apache Commons Crypto
(https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-crypto/) to
    support authentication, and encryption and decryption of data sent across
the network between
    services.


    Metrics
    Copyright 2010-2013 Coda Hale and Yammer, Inc.

    This product includes software developed by Coda Hale and Yammer, Inc.

    This product includes code derived from the JSR-166 project
(ThreadLocalRandom, Striped64,
    LongAdder), which was released with the following comments:

        Written by Doug Lea with assistance from members of JCP JSR-166
        Expert Group and released to the public domain, as explained at
        http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

------

** Maven-org-reactivestreams; version 1.0.3 -- https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.reactivestreams/reactive-streams/1.0.3
Copyright Statement for Contributions to the Reactive Streams Project
=====================================================================

I hereby represent that all present, past and future contributions I make to
the Reactive Streams project (which includes all repositories owned by the
“reactive-streams” github organization) are governed by the Creative Commons
Zero 1.0 Universal copyright statement, placing my contributions in the public
domain. This entails that to the extent possible under law I waive all
copyright and related or neighboring rights to the code or documents I
contribute. I also represent that I have the authority to perform the above
waiver with respect to the entirety of my contributions.

The text of the copyright statement is included in the COPYING file at the root
of the reactive-streams repository at
https://github.com/reactive-streams/reactive-streams-jvm/blob/master/COPYING.

Underwriting parties:

github name    | Real Name, Email Address used for git commits, Company
---------------+----------------------------------------------------------------
------------
rkuhn          | Roland Kuhn, rk@rkuhn.info, Typesafe Inc.
benjchristensen| Ben Christensen, benjchristensen@gmail.com, Netflix Inc.
viktorklang    | Viktor Klang, viktor.klang@gmail.com, Typesafe Inc.
smaldini       | Stephane Maldini, stephane.maldini@gmail.com, Pivotal Software
Inc.
savulchik      | Stanislav Savulchik, s.savulchik@gmail.com
ktoso          | Konrad Malawski, konrad.malawski@project13.pl, Typesafe Inc.
ouertani       | Slim Ouertani, ouertani@gmail.com
2m             | Martynas Mickevičius, mmartynas@gmail.com, Typesafe Inc.
ldaley         | Luke Daley, luke.daley@gradleware.com, Gradleware Inc.
colinrgodsey   | Colin Godsey, crgodsey@gmail.com, MediaMath Inc.
davidmoten     | Dave Moten, davidmoten@gmail.com
briantopping   | Brian Topping, brian.topping@gmail.com, Mauswerks LLC
rstoyanchev    | Rossen Stoyanchev, rstoyanchev@pivotal.io, Pivotal
BjornHamels    | Björn Hamels, bjorn@hamels.nl
JakeWharton    | Jake Wharton, jakewharton@gmail.com
anthonyvdotbe  | Anthony Vanelverdinghe, anthonyv.be@outlook.com
seratch        | Kazuhiro Sera, seratch@gmail.com, SmartNews, Inc.
akarnokd       | David Karnok, akarnokd@gmail.com
egetman        | Evgeniy Getman, getman.eugene@gmail.com
patriknw       | Patrik Nordwall, patrik.nordwall@gmail.com, Lightbend Inc
angelsanz      | Ángel Sanz, angelsanz@users.noreply.github.com
shenghaiyang   | 盛海洋, shenghaiyang@aliyun.com
kiiadi         | Kyle Thomson, kylthoms@amazon.com, Amazon.com
jroper | James Roper, james@jazzy.id.au, Lightbend Inc.
 
Licensed under Public Domain (CC0)

To the extent possible under law, the person who associated CC0 with
this code has waived all copyright and related or neighboring
rights to this code.

You should have received a copy of the CC0 legalcode along with this
work. If not, see <http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>.

** Apache Bahir; version 2.4.0 -- https://github.com/apache/bahir
Apache Bahir
Copyright (c) 2016-2017 The Apache Software Foundation.

This product includes software developed at
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).


                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "{}"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright {yyyy} {name of copyright owner}

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

------

Dynein; version archived by the owner on Dec 15, 2021 -- https://github.com/airbnb/dynein

Dynein is Airbnb's Open-source Distributed Delayed Job Queueing System.


                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

